Reviewer: ITEC 116 System Integration and Architecture

Questions: 34

Q: An array of components designed to accomplish a particular objective according to plan.
A: SYSTEM

Q: A way of understanding an entity in terms of its purpose, as three steps.
A: SYSTEMS THINKING

Q: What are the three major steps in systems thinking?
A: - Identify a containing whole (system), of which the thing to be explained is a part
- Explain the behavior or properties of the containing whole
- Explain the behavior or properties of the thing to be explained in terms of its role(s) or function(s) within its containing whole

Q: The combination of inter-related elements to achieve a common objective(s).
A: SYSTEM INTEGRATION

Q: The architecture of a system defines its high-level structure, exposing its gross organization as a collection of interacting components.
A: System Architecture

Q: What are the 5 elements needed to model a software architecture?
A: - Components
- Connectors
- Systems
- Properties
- Styles

Q: What are the three sources of Information Systems (IS) development projects?
A: - Problems
- An Opportunity
- A Directive

Q: Undesirable situations that prevent the business from fully achieving its purpose, goals, and objectives.
A: Problems

Q: A chance to improve the business even in the absence of specific problems.
A: An Opportunity

Q: A new requirement that is imposed by management, government, or some external influence.
A: A Directive

Q: The people involved in or affected by project activities.
A: STAKEHOLDERS

Q: Who are the stakeholders in a project?
A: - the project sponsor and project team
- support staff
- customers
- users
- suppliers
- opponents to the project

Q: What helps IT projects succeed according to the Standish Group?
A: - Executive support
- User involvement
- Experienced project manager
- Clear business objectives
- Minimized scope
- Standard software infrastructure
- Firm basic requirements
- Formal methodology
- Reliable estimates

Q: What are the four frames for analyzing a formal organization?
A: - Structural Frame
- Political Frame
- Human Resources Frame
- Symbolic Frame

Q: Focuses on roles and responsibilities, coordination and control.
A: Structural Frame

Q: Assumes organizations are coalitions composed of varied individuals and interest groups.
A: Political Frame

Q: Focuses on providing harmony between needs of the organization and needs of people.
A: Human Resources Frame

Q: Focuses on symbols and meanings related to events. Culture is important.
A: Symbolic Frame

Q: What are the four basic organizational structures?
A: - Functional
- Project-based
- Matrix
- Divisional

Q: People who do similar tasks, have similar skills and/or jobs in an organization are grouped into this structure.
A: FUNCTIONAL STRUCTURE

Q: The company coordinates inter-group relationships to create a work team that can readily meet the needs of a certain customer or group of customers.
A: DIVISIONAL STRUCTURE

Q: Groups people in two different ways: by the function they perform and by the product team they are working with.
A: MATRIX STRUCTURE

Q: Teams are put together based on the number of members needed to produce the product or complete the project.
A: PROJECT ORGANIZATION STRUCTURE

Q: What does IT stand for?
A: Information Technology

Q: What does IS stand for?
A: Information Systems

Q: What does SI stand for?
A: Systems Integration

Q: What does COTS stand for?
A: commercial-off-the-shelf

Q: What does BCP stand for?
A: Business Continuity Planning

Q: Why is an architectural view of a system considered a priority?
A: To help in the design to avoid the likeliness of system failure

Q: What benefits does system integration provide to large organizations?
A: flexibility, Speed, Cost, Standardization, Data integrity, reliability and robustness

Q: What can help Information Technology, energy, and financial services industry?
A: an easy to use integrated system

Q: Projects must operate in this type of environment.
A: broad organizational environment

Q: Project managers must take time to identify, understand, and manage relationships with all project stakeholders. Why is this important?
A: Using the four frames of organizations can help meet stakeholder needs and expectations

Q: Who are very important stakeholders in projects?
A: Senior executives

Q: What type of structure allows quick decision making because group members can communicate easily with each other?
A: FUNCTIONAL STRUCTURE